This Running Shoes Tracker (RST) application monitors the mileage done by the shoes you run in. At the current stage it scraps information from your movescount (suunto's application) and structures it to the relevant view so you can see how much mileage the pair still have till retirement and how soon you'll be happy to meet a new participant of your rotation.
The app is built on React and Express.js, front-end is published on gh-pages and the back-end deployed on heroku. If you run and do it with suunto - just go to https://srgivp.github.io/running-shoes-tracker/, click start, create your account and proceed. In case you don't have your own movescount account but for some reasons are interested to try how the RST works - I've created a fake movescount account for some LAZIESTRUNNER and have populated it with a handful of information. So, after you've sign in to the RST, click 'add pair' and fill in the form. It is important to input the alias of definite pair exactly as it is set in movescount. For example, in LAZIESTRUNNER's rotation there are only tree pairs of sneakers: Hoka One One Challenger ATR 5, Newton Energy NR, Asics Gel Nimbus 20 and he has created not really sophisticated nicknames (aliases) for it: atr, energynr and nimbus accordingly. So to add Hoka's pair to RST you need type in "atr" as shoes' alias and "Hoka One One Challenger ATR 5" as model (it's also important to input full and correct model's name). Change expected distance if you're not agreed with 800 km set by default and set the pair to the rotation. Oops, it asks you to log in to your runner's app account - well, type in "fortechusing@gmail.com" as email and "qwerty" as password and voila, you're connected to the LAZIESTRUNNER'S account. With these credentials you can log in to movescount.com: feel free to add new moves over there or even new pair and to set it to rotation in RST. Has some new moves in movescount but it aren't showed in RST? - click 'update' and all new data will be taken into account.
A little bummer: RST works with Local Storage thus you can get to your account only on the same machine you've created it on.
